Chapter 1. A proud Past
Choice	Rise Up	Build Up
Objective (part 1)	Investigate the target amount of Curiosities.	Build 4 Food Food Improvement in your Empire.
Reward	50 Influence Influence, 1 Relic	50 Influence Influence, 1 Relic
Objective (part 2)	Assign a Hero of at least level 5 to the target system.	Be present on at least 5 Planets.
Reward	60 Jadonyx Jadonyx, 1 Relic	30 Titanium Titanium, 1 Relic
Chapter 2. A Fraught Future
Choice	Reaffirm	Clarify	Dissipate
Objective	Have at the target amount Systems Level 2 with Temples.	Pass at least 3 Religious Religious Laws.	Increase your Minor Civilization population by the target amount.
Reward	500 Dust Dust, 5 Relics	250 Influence Influence, 5 Relics	50 Hyperium Hyperium, 5 Relics
Chapter 3. The Seduction of Hope
Branch
This quest branches here. Your decision here will determine your plot and future rewards.



Choice	Pressure	Power
Objective	Reach Positive Diplomatic Pressure with another Empire.	Reach the target amount of Manpower in your Empire.
Reward	Random Technology, 2 Relics	Random Technology, 2 Relics
Chapter 4. The Security of Faith
Pressure Path
Choice	Offer	Multiply
Objective (part 1)	Unlock Evaporation Inhibitors and Climate Engineering technologies.	Posses at least the target amount of Fertile Planets in your Empire.
Reward	Relic Exploitation Site System Improvement
(+2 Industry Industry, 50% Industry Industry, 10% Approval Approval on Awakened Slumbering Ruins, 10% Approval Approval on Cathedral of the Lost)
2 Relics

Center for Denaserdi Remembrance System Improvement
(+4 Dust Dust on Planets, +50% Dust Dust, +10% Dust Dust on Awakened Slumbering Ruins, +10% Dust Dust on Cathedral of the Lost)
2 Relics

Objective (part 2)	Terraform 3 planets to Fertile
Reward	Relic Reliquary Empire Imrpovement
(2x Base Science Science from Relics)
1 Relic

Power Path
Choice	Dominate	Invigorate	Convert
Objective (part 1)	Take over the Academy System.	Give 4 systems to the Academy as a gift.	Unlock Evaporation Inhibitors and Climate Engineering technologies.
Reward	Temple of the Denaserdi System Improvement
(+2 Influence Influence on Planets, +50% Influence Influence, +10% Influence Influence on Awakened Slumbering Ruins, +10% Influence Influence on Cathedral of the Lost)
1 Relic

Galactic Faith Museum System Improvement
(1000% Approval Approval on Awakened Slumbering Ruins, 1000% Approval Approval on Cathedral of the Lost, 500% Approval Approval)
1 Relic

Relic Exploitation Site System Improvement
(+2 Industry Industry, 50% Industry Industry, 10% Approval Approval on Awakened Slumbering Ruins, 10% Approval Approval on Cathedral of the Lost)
1 Relic

Objective (part 2)	Generate at least the target amount of Science Science using Relics for 10 turns (Standard Speed)	Terraform 3 planets to Fertile
Reward	Reliquary of Glory Empire Improvement
(No Science Science malus on Planets)
2 Relics

Relic Reliquary
(2x Base Science Science from Relics)
1 Relic