Chapter 1. What a Good Idea and Chapter 2
Path choice	Militarize	Inspire	Socialize
Objective	ENFER is watching! Win 3 battles with Sophon Fleets.	Take your exploration fleets and orbit around 2 Systems in a different Constellation.	Raise your relationship with a Minor Civilization to 90 or higher.
Reward	Use-and-Lose Ships Empire Improvement
(-15% Industry Ship costs on Systems)

Sophon Free Move (Support Module)	Silicon-Tongues Diplomats Empire Improvement
(-30% on Bribe or Praise Actions on Minor Factions)

Chapter 2 name	Seeding the Cloud	A Probe Alone	Blue Sceen of Peace
Objective (part 1)	Raise Militarist to 15% in at least 3 Systems.	Bring at least 1 Explorer ship to the Quest Marker.	Garrison 2 Military Ships in the target System at the same time.
Reward	80 Superspuds Superspuds	400 Dust Dust	60 Transvine Transvine
Objective (part 2)	Research 5 technologies in the Military category.	Send expeditions to the System's Curiosities until you find the signal source.	Raise the Approval Approval level in the same target System by 20.
Reward	50 Titanium Titanium	50 Hyperium Hyperium	110 Influence Influence
Objective (part 3)	Contruct 4 new Military Ships.	Bring the alien ship (called ENFER) to hangar in one of your Systems.	Generate 124 Influence Influence per Turn in at least 2 Systems.
Reward	Sophonic Rampart System Improvement
(+175 Defense Capacity, +100 Manpower deployment limit (DEF))

Cleverer Probes Empire Improvement
(+4 Probe durability on Empire, +2 Probe Vision on Empire, +1 Probe Speed on Empire)

Intra-galctic Relays System Improvement
(+15 Influence Influence)

Chapter 3 name	The Mavros	When Sophons Transcend Biology	The AI in the High Castle
Chapter 3
Choice	Tolerate	Study	Welcome
Objective	Raise your Empire Manpower to the required amount.	Explore and reveal 75% of the galaxy's Systems.	Raise the total Population of your Empire to the required amount.(if Militarist path, raise Mavros population by the required amount)
Reward	Thermal Sink Architecture Act Law
(+100% Industry Industry on Hot Planets)

Supercold Superconductors Initiatives Law
(+100% Science Science on Cold Planets)

Mistralian Dust Trap Declaration Law
(+100% Dust Dust on Sterile Planets)

Final Chapter. On Sophonity
Choice	Destroy ENFER	Keep ENFER
Objective	Boost Science from all sources, until you have accumulated a total of the required amount.	Obtain 5 new Science Technology.
Reward	Spawns ENFER's System: Illumination
The Science of Influence Empire Improvement
(-50% Science Science costs on Empire Developpement Quadrant Technology)

Spawns ENFER's System: Illumination
Accelerated Research Empire Improvement
(-50% Science Science costs on Science and Exploration Quadrant Technology)