Chapter 1: Fire and Light
Part 1
Ecologists:
Goal: Colonize 4 new star systems using tendrils
Reward: 60 Dustciduous Trees
Scientists:
Goal: Possess 2 Anomalies in your Empire.
Reward: Random Technology
Part 2
Pacifists:
Goal: Reach a stock of 461* Influence in your Empire
Reward: Renewal System support module: +7 Influence per destroyed command point. can only be equipped on Protector ships.
Militarists:
Goal: Destroy all the ships of the marked pirate fleets (spawn once accepted)
Reward: Koyasil Kinetics (weapon module, kinetic)
Chapter 2: The Trees of Lives
Ecologists:
Goal: Grow enough systems to Level 2 or more, so there are 4 Spaceports in the empire.
Reward: Harmony of the Heart system Improvement: +5 approval per population types on system
Chapter 3: The Flood
Part 1
Revolution (Scientists):
Goal: Produce 1191 Science in your Empire
Reward: 250 Influence
Tradition (Ecologists):
Goal: Maintain approval of +70 or better in your Empire for 16 turns.
Reward: 75 Adamantian
Part 2
Convince (Pacifists): Show other peoples the calm strength of the Unfallen.
Goal: Reach 40 positive diplomatic pressure with another empire
Reward: Heart's Ward defense module: Health and Energy defense.
Control (Militarists): Prepare to impose the Pacifist unity of the Unfallen on those who would rather fight than listen.
Goal: Reach 1900 Manpower in your empire
Reward: Heart's Hammer weapon module: short range energy weapon that targets enemy crew
Final Chapter: Head and Heart
Fire (Scientists): We will push the new sciences to their utmost, and use their secrets to unlock the truth of the heart.
Goal: Reach the fourth stage in one of the quadrants in the technology tree
Reward: Fireforming empire improvement
Unlocks fast terraformation for Barren, Arctic, and Snow into Forest.
Light (Ecologists): To see if Heart is within the Unfallen or an outside entity, we will terraform and colonize a hostile planet, and listen for her voice.
Goal: Terraform [X] into a Jungle or a Monsoon planet.
Reward: Heart's Embrace empire improvement
Unlocks fast terraformation for Lava, Ash, and Desert into Forest.